---
title: 'Building a full stack Saas'
date: '2025-01-03'
author: 'Luke'
tag: 'Fullstack'
img: '/post-images/writing.png'
---

**Overview**

_Project Difficulty 5/5_

Creating a Saas (software as a service) product. This product was designed to
send notifications to the message platform Discord. It also incorporated a full
back-end and front-end using Jstack and Tailwind. This project was a challenge
as it opened my eyes to how in depth these kind of projects can get . I had to
learn about APIs, databases, and how to handle user input. This project was a
great learning experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking to
improve their skills in full stack development.

**Process**

The concept of this project was to create a Saas that would allow users to see
notifications on their Discord servers. This project was aimed at small
businesses to keep track of what events they like, as it would provide real time
notifications based on their settings. The SaaS also had a user dashboard where
users could see all of their notifications and also set up new notifications, up
to 3 categories on the free plan and up to 10 on the paid plan.

**Conclusion**

This project was a great learning experience, it allowed me to get to grips with
many new concepts and ideas I was originally unaware of and I am incredibly
proud of how it turned out. I feel like this project has helped me to improve my
skills to the next level and I am excited to bring this to my next project.

**What&apos;s next?**

I am going to take these skills and look to implement them into a whole new
Saas. My next project will be looking to develop a CRM (customer relationship
management) system. This will be a great opportunity to learn more about
databases and how to handle user input. I am excited to see where this project
takes me and I am looking forward to the challenges that come with it. Along
with this I will be developing a bookshop ecommerce site, that will allow me to
improve my ecommerce skills.

**Repository**

[PingPanda Repository]( https://github.com/Lukethelostdm/Panda)

Bye for now!
